tasks: add VDR task page (#1345)
huggingface/huggingface.js: packages/tasks/src/tasks/visual-document-retrieval/about.md

## Use Cases

### Multimodal Document Retrieval

> Visual document retrieval models can be used to retrieve relevant documents when given a text query. One needs to index the documents first using a visual document retrieval model for once. After indexing is done, the retrieval model takes in a text query (question) and number of top-k documents to return, and returns top-k relevant documents. The index can be used repetitively for inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visual document retrieval models can be used to retrieve relevant documents when given a text query. One needs to index the documents first, which is a one-time operation. After indexing is done, the retrieval model takes in a text query (question) and number `k` of documents to return, and the model returns the top-k most relevant documents for the query. The index can be used repetitively for inference.
```

### Multimodal Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)

> Multimodal RAG is generating answers from documents when given a text query and a bunch of documents. These documents and the text query can be fed to [a vision language model](https://huggingface.co/tasks/image-text-to-text) to get the actual answer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multimodal RAG is the task of generating answers from documents (texts or images) when given a text query and a bunch of documents. These documents and the text query can be fed to [a vision language model](https://huggingface.co/tasks/image-text-to-text) to get the actual answer.
```

## Inference

You can use transformers to infer visual document retrieval models. To calculate similarity between images and text, simply process both separately and pass each processed input through the model. The model outputs can then be passed to calculate similarity scores.

```python
import torch
from PIL import Image
from transformers import ColPaliForRetrieval, ColPaliProcessor

device = torch.device("cuda:0" if torch.cuda.is_available() else "cpu")

model = ColPaliForRetrieval.from_pretrained(
    "vidore/colpali-v1.2-hf",
    torch_dtype=torch.bfloat16,
).to(device)

> processor = ColPaliProcessor.from_pretrained(model_name)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
processor = ColPaliProcessor.from_pretrained("vidore/colpali-v1.2-hf")
```

(or define `model_name`)
